the next note they with the
sponsorship of restaurant breezes
Cartagena avenida 37 number 942 neighborhood
gaitán domiciles 2 66 65 65 82 66 89 05
for all the people just like chris and
northward already from the house welcome to
zero stress if really just that
we change the interviewer but I'm already
from the house pool how are you going in
Cartagena resting and working
also good you can rest but not
so much the truth is that all day
we are then like in a son of rcn the
noon at 7 o'clock in the evening let's say that
by noon you have to be 11
the morning ready for the night we have
to be at five o'clock in the afternoon
then look that there are very few
hours of rest but I'm still very
happy very happy here in Cartagena
not only enjoying what
offers us this beautiful city but
also from my co- workers and
from my family that has already arrived
my three men came with me
then wonderful soon you will
to ask that when your three come
Men here to accompany you in Cartagena
what plans do you like to do as a family
we like to be on the beach more
that in the pool we love the
contact with nature get us to
sea ​​play soccer on the beach do
sandcastles as well as very
relatives
what we like the most, you win over your
men in football no no no no evil my
eldest son, he's already really out
quite makes me play and you're me
they leave as if you have learned a lot and do not
my husband also knows how to play very well
there is time for example to go out to
rumbear or prefer to stay in a house
in the hotel what happens is that I almost
I do not go out to rumble because really
husband and I have other types of plans
that we like more how to go to dinner
together walk let's say here in Cartagena
through the walled city we think
something beautiful and very romantic conversation
even if for example we were
alone in the night hours we do not
we would go to rumbear but we would prefer
to sit by the sea talking and
talk and drink some wine or something
christina how your company is doing we know that
you have a company like this and in
Colombia of course in the world I
I think that's nice thank you very much for
ask then yes look we are very
happy because in this
participation we had in
colombiamoda we have already started exporting
that was what we were looking for
we are in honduras in costa rica
and already here, let's say in Bogota we are
in Barranquilla in Cali in ibagué and
we are also in Medellin but in
Medellin we have our own store
which is the santafe shopping center there
on the third floor so that you yes
someday they go to my land beautiful earth
to visit her as they are invited and girl
crisis by cristina stolen and for the
other people who ask me a lot
by social networks write you are not going to
open here they see us we need
like then for those people
can enter www point crisis by
cristina stolen puntocom there we go to
start with online store was going to get
Well, to any part of the country, good
let's have in the musical capital of
colombia resting also I ratico then
do not be we have to investigate more
like the tourist sites because
example we have as a subject
family pending a tour
for the coffee axis that the truth then
they have spoken to us very well about him and to do
Well, like the car ride because
I think landscapes are one thing
beautiful and good we do not have to
investigate more about that
how is a day zero stress of cristino
just like this one I love the heat lunch
the beach the pool tanning me with
my children with my husband that's one day
zero stress will already be the beach without
worry and I do not think that came subway
I want to fix something I do not know
is to be able to be as well as relaxed
yes yes without thinking about so many obligations
that you have daily and taking some
or not if I love to drink beer
for example when the sun is like this you see
that looks to the sky has been a
cloud this causes a beer the so
It's not delicious if I like myself
Well, so we do not have you beer
apart from that we have from the factory
liqueurs of tolima our brandy
red cap the tolimense so that what
have the cool thing I know very well
the antioqueño red cap if I go to
try this really thank you very much for
the gift a greeting on the outside all the
people went that is the stress that both you
go on and you both want good as
always when I'm invited to this
wonderful program I send a greeting
quite special thank you for being
always connected to news rcn by
follow my career to follow me in networks
social I send you a huge kiss and what
best in the world stay alive
I always hope to extract what is best
Y